[Search] documentation update (#4459)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/search/architecture.md

# Search Architecture

> _This is a proposed architecture which has not been implemented yet. Find our

> > milestones to follow our progress [here](./README.md)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> milestones to follow our progress on the [Search Roadmap](./README.md#project-roadmap)._
```

A pet peeve of mine, but would it be possible to reword this?  (the dreaded avoiding "click here" 😁 
 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/top-ten-web-design-mistakes-of-2005/ )

I think this hash link will work...
